about_tab added (#45)
adhikars11/shinymodels: welcome_tab.Rmd

### Tabs

There are mainly two categories of tabs in the app: 

* **Tuning Parameters tab:** For models with tuning parameters, like for `tune::tune_bayes()` function, the tab with tuning parameters consists of the datatable for the tuning parameters and performance metrics for each candidate model. When the app is first launched, the default configuration is based on the optimal value of the first metric. Selecting a row in the tuning parameter table selects the related model which should then update the diagnostic plots in the plots tab(s).  

* **Plots tab (s):** The Plots tab consists of diagnostic plots to explore the model object. Clicking on a particular point or selecting a group of points in any plot should highlight the point(s) in all other plots. This will help see where an observation lies in different diagnostic plots and get the insights about the observation. This will help diagnose the outliers or "problematic" observations in the modeling object and hopefully give insights on why that is the case. In the case of model with tuning parameters, the plots tab display the diagnostic plots for the selected model.

### Feedback 

>  This package was built by Shisham Adhikari (UC Davis) under the supervision of

Reviewer: For Rmd files, we do not put hard line breaks in paragraphs.

>  Max Kuhn (RStudio) and Julia Silge (RStudio) as a part of the RStudio summer internship 2021. Your suggestions, feedback, complaints or compliments are highly valued and will guide us to improve the package continuously. Please email them to shishamadhikari6@gmail.com or max@rstudio.com or julia.silge@rstudio.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Max Kuhn (RStudio) and Julia Silge (RStudio) as a part of the RStudio summer internship 2021. Your suggestions, feedback, complaints or compliments are highly valued and will guide us to improve the package continuously. 
 
 To give feedback, file a bug report, or ask a question, go to the [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/adhikars11/shinymodels/issues) or go to [RStudio Community](https://community.rstudio.com/) and create a post with the tag `tidymodels`. 
```

> #### For more information on Tidymodels click [here](https://www.tidymodels.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on {tidymodels}: 

 * [`tidymodels.org`](https://www.tidymodels.org/)

 * [_Tidy Modeling with R_](https://www.tmwr.org/)
```
